so now in this rhythm changing we just
looked at the first time this 1625
there's the second half which goes dd7
g-d hey seven whoa
and before I talk about concepts about
how this works I might as well just show
you a few licks because it's another
common progression I mean we saw this
already major to minor we saw this and
over this progression the only
difference now is that the duration is
cut in half to be th only so why don't I
show you a few lines and I'll explain
how each of them works here's the first
leg again and it's something that just
based off a D major chord this this run
even though I'm showing it to you for
this progression it works over worked
over them or just a plain D major chord
let's try with the rhythm section now
one two one two three four
so you see it's completely addition it
has no it has no respect shame on it for
what the guy the rhythm player is doing
but again it's all about a sense of it's
all about tension and release me at the
end we resolve the resolution that's
dissonance is here one two one two three
four okay let me just slow that down for
you even slower just a note
just the notes now
again fast use a variation and if you
remember from the first DVD instead of
doing this this kind of we could have
done just started with this not here
starting with an upstroke let's try both
and let's do it the way I showed you I'm
sorry and another way let's do it one
two one two three four let's try it the
other way which gives a little more
character to the phrasing 12 in this
time and we'd start we talked about this
before but this time we start on the
offbeat whereas the other one started
straight on the beat 1 a 2 and 1 2 3 4